# Result spreadsheets guideline
In all the experiments the CT image is the fixed modality and the MRI is the moving.

## Global Transformations experiments.

1. 01_ct_mri_Affine_MI.xlsx ---> Register the MRI on the CT using Mutual Information (MI) metric and Affine Transform.
2. 02_ct_mri_masks_Affine_MI.xlsx ---> Register the MRI on the CT using the MI metric and Affine Transform. Use the masks of the images for sampling.
3. 03_ct_mri_COG.xlsx ---> Translate the MRI liver label on the CT liver label based on the center of gravity.
4. 04_ct_mri_masks_COG_Affine_MI.xlsx ---> Register the MRI on the CT using the MI metric and Affine Transform. Use the masks for sampling and initialising the transform in the center of gravity.

## Establish the baseline registration.
The pipeline of the baseline registration is an Affine Global Transformation first and a B-Spline Free Form Transformation after.
The Global transformation is done by registering the MRI liver label on the CT liver label.
The Local transformation is done by registering the MRI image on the CT image using samples that are from in the borders of the respective's mask bounding box.

1. 05_basline_gt_masks.xlsx ---> Execute the baseline pipeline using the ground truth masks.
2. 06_baseline_unet3d_masks.xlsx ---> Execute the baseline pipeline but in the Global step register the MRI liver bounding box on the CT liver bounding box (instead of the actual masks).
3. 07_baseline_unet3d_masks.xlsx ---> Execute the baseline pipeline using the ct masks generated by Felix's unet3d (for the MRI the ground truth masks are still used).
4. 08_LocalNet.xlsx ---> Execute the first step of the baseline pipeline (Affine Global transformation). The Local transformation is done by inferencing the LocalNet's trained models.
5. 09_final_pipeline_07_08.xlsx ---> This spreadsheet contains the adopted baseline pipeline (07_baseline_unet3d_masks) and the LocalNet results (08_LocalNet) alongside for comparison and statistics.
6. 10_ct_unet3d_segmentations ---> The results of the ct liver generated masks from Felix's unet3d models.
